It's like plus, but negative.
Starring: Vibri--, I mean, Chibri!
Tell your friends!
Also try osu!mania!
Also try Etterna!
Also try Stepmania!
Also try Quaver!
Also try Friday Night Funkin'!
Also try PaRappa the Rapper!
Also try the original Vib-Ribbon!
We took your 3rd dimension and threw it out the window.
Crack, crack, crack the egg into the bowl.
Press the buttons!
AttributeError: module 'pygame' has no attribute 'ignit'.
Made in Python!
Woo, vibby!
sudo pacman -S neofetch
Straight out of Wisconsin
Straight out of Pennsylvania
Straight out of Essex
#1 for best game named Vib-Ribbon Minus!
Do I look like I need YOUR Playcoins?
Fruit salad! Yummy, yummy!
QWOP!
Come on, fhgwghads!
I spend too much programming time adding these.
Can you believe it's not butter?
A potato flew around my room before you came...
Did you know that you can get a popcorn and drink for only 65 cents?
Electric Boogaloo
As the great frog once said: "Ribbit."
Fun fact: Chibri uses any pronouns!
Have you heard "The Fall of Dagon" yet?
The Computer is a feeling I can not contain
Buy the new Vib-Mercedes-Benz!
Nice throw!
There's no time, hurry up!
Polaroid: Trap Remix
Don't screw up!
Get on the ribbon!
nus!
Wash your hands often!
If you touch your face, you will spontaneously combust.
*squeak*
Calling CHIBRI at 3AM! (NOT CLICKBAIT) (GONE WRONG)
Fun fact: We used a song to test out game mechanics! But which one?
It's got mountains, it's got rivers, and it's got sights to give you shivers!
Chibri Sneaks Out To Chuck E Cheese's/Grounded
Not to be confused with Friday Night Funkin' Minus
I hope your copy of graphics.com is 19,742 bytes!
Had you really been far, even as decided to use, even go want to look more like?
It's just common sense.
Did you drink water today?
All your base are belong to us
Shoutouts to Simpleflips
Where a kid can be a kid!
Where discoveries begin!
Where taste is king!
Where anything is possible!
Where?
No more $19 cards...
Now with more manual labor!
JA, KEN JIJ DE MOSSELMAN, DE MOSSELMAN, DE MOSSELMAN!! HIJ KOMT UIT SCHEVENINGEN!!
Back in my day, we didn't have Vib-Ribbon Minus!
Buy Vib-Ribbon on the PSN!
Vib-Ribbon Minus - Vib-Ribbon Minus - Vib-Ribbon Minus - Vib-Ribbon Minus - Vib-Ribbon Minus - Vib-Ribbon Minus
Black Lives Matter
Trans Rights
FREE DOWNLOAD CRACK WORKING 2022 (NO VIRUS)
The cakey is a lie
TURRÓN!!!
Where there's smoke, they pinch back!
No added sugars!
No high fructose corn syrup!
We're looking for additional devs! If you're experienced with Python, let us know!
They're not listening.
glhf
This is the based department calling. Your appointment is on August 7th.
Text files are interpreted as HTML code by PyCharm???
<h1>Welcome!</h1>
README.md
Now 100% gluten free!
suniM nobbiR-biV
There is a good chance that the entirety of this splash will not display on your title bar, but you might be able to if you make your DPI small enough. Isn't that fun?
Pass through the block obstacle for free coins!
Achievement Get: Get lucky
UwU
OwO
https://youtu.be/W4juBwz1Oa8
Don't deltree your system32!
Get pranked by the titlebar B)
As the clock strikes one, Chibri's journey to your screen is done.
hAVE I G0T A [Specil] D3AL FOR YOU!!!
The game /ref